## Week 2: 

### What have I learnt this week? 

During this week's workshop my learnings were all about modelling. Through my activities I learnt how modelling can help us build our understanding of complex 
problems and a general understanding of what a model is. Through this learning I also discovered that there are different types of modelling and that I am seeing 
different types of models in our everyday world which I was surprised about as I didn’t realise these areas of our world interconnected with human-centred complex 
systems. Within the workshop I obtained a theory that models demonstrate transferability of ideas across many disciplines and that they are a representation or 
substitution of a real system. Through learning these different features and theories of modelling I can now say I proficiently understand all the basic 
foundational facts of modelling and how vital they are in complex systems. 


### What do I 'now know' that I did not before? 

Through attending the workshop, I now know the key concepts of modelling as I had not learnt or dealt with models a lot before therefore this whole concept was new 
to me. These key concepts include the typical modelling workflow, the three different types of models and the best type of model which is a Parsimony. These 
concepts particularly stood out to me in this lesson as something I didn’t know before as I find these points extremely important in identifying models and 
understanding the complexities of them and what they are depicting and explaining. 


### What insights have I gained? 

The main Insight I gained this week was that models can take many forms and all look very different, but their sole purpose is to all do the same thing which is to
represent a system in a from which is easier to work with and identify the different features of in a more detailed way, due to it being the simplified version of 
the system. Another insight I gained is that realism can be measured objectively as an agreement to model outputs. I find this quite fascinating as the real world
and its systems can be quite complexed and have many different options or paths to take, but due to models and the information the convey and what they output, all
of this is simplified to a more unbiased form. 


### What are (my/the) perceived strengths and weaknesses that I have observed? 

This week I perceived that my strengths to do with the topic of models were that I grasped the general concepts quite quickly and was able to create my own notes
on my learning rather than copying slide notes as I understood exactly what the different features of models were, which were being explained and due to me 
learning that models were all around us I was able to apply my knowledge to real life examples I came up with. 

My Weaknesses I observed this week was when we were answering one of the wisdoms of the crowd questions which was ‘what if different models are telling me 
different things? What should I do?’ A weakness here arose as I didn’t understand exactly what the question was asking therefore when I answered it, I was way off.
Luckily Mr Ravindra explained what the question was asking of me and I then understood what my answer should have been and how to link it to the concepts we had 
learnt in the workshop. 


### What were the challenges I have encountered/observed and how well (did I/my team) handle them? 

The main challenge I encountered this week was trying to stay focused during the long class and keep up with what Mr Ravindra was talking about towards the end of 
the lesson. I struggled around that time as we had missed one of the breaks, so I needed to really concentrate to ensure I was noting all aspects of the lesson
down. I feel I was able to handle this challenge well as I stayed on top of all the content given and I was able to learn a lot in this workshop which allowed me
to build my own perception of models. 


### What would I do better next time and with what anticipated results? 

Next time I will try to take notes in the small videos we watched within the workshops in order to get extra information relating to each topic. I think this will
allow me to develop more examples of each area of the content and I regret only taking my own notes of the lecture slides and what Mr Ravindra was saying. I will 
benefit from doing this next class as through doing this I anticipate I will have more notes to revise on each topic when needed, and I may even get more enriched
examples to use in each subject area. 


### What theory proved to be useful and why? What have I learnt from this? 

The theory of parsimony where the best model is always the one which achieves the greatest realism with the easiest framework of complexity and least model
complexity. Is a theory I find very useful as it allows me to build an understanding of the frameworks of models which work to their full potential and I also
learnt from this that the simplest models can convey so much knowledge to its viewers which can allow a simpler way to build a great understanding. 

 
